"God knows how much I regret giving birth to you! God knows!"

The hoarse, talented RAP accented female scolding severely disrupted Song Ya's dream. He sighed, sat up helplessly, and slowly took a sweater from the bed and put it on his head.

I have been crossing it for more than ten days. Regardless of adaptability, I can only endure it first.

Of course, he is not Song Ya now, and he is no longer a Chinese. His full name is Alexander Song, a 15-year-old boy who died in a car accident and lives with his aunt in Chicago.

M-FXXX is 17 years old! At the age of seventeen, M-FXXX learned to stay at night like a bitch! M-FXXkrrrr ~ "

Sound insulation was almost non-existent, and rude words like bangzhu banged straight into the ears from downstairs. Aunt Su Qian was "educating" her seventeen-year-old daughter, the cousin of Conner Alexander.
"Born." Song Ya sighed secretly.

Compared with the implicit Chinese people, the Afro-American people express their feelings so "strongly" and "free-spirited". Calling her biological daughter Bi Chi and F her mother is just a routine operation of Aunt Su Qian.
"Yeh, Yeh! Speaking of Bichi, I don't know who even gave birth to a child when he was seventeen!"

After many years, Connie was obviously scolded, and immediately turned her lips against each other, showing no sign of weakness. Aunt Susie gave birth to her eldest son Tony when she was sixteen years old, and then had Connie again the next year. Then, the man who worked hard disappeared without a trace ...

SHXX! "

Aunt Su Qian, who was poked to the pain, was furious, "SHXX! Your ruthless little bitch, like the ruthless man, I curse you! I curse you M-FXXX ..."

Hey, what's the point? Song Ya said again.

On this issue, if in China, parents ¡¯attention will definitely not deviate, and Auntie Su Qian is noisy and throws cousin Connie all night without returning to Java Now ...

Dressed up, Song Ya went out into the bathroom not far away, opened the faucet and started washing.

The roaring flowing water temporarily isolated the quarrel downstairs. He looked into the mirror and reexamined himself in this life.

According to the Chinese people ¡¯s aesthetics of the black race, he has a slightly childish and good-looking face. Since he has half of the Chinese ancestry, his skin tone is slightly lighter. At the age of fifteen, he has a height of one meter and seven feet, and he is quite well-proportioned ... Of course, it is self-evident that as a traverser, it is self-evident that the quality of this skin is irrelevant. After all, here is the rice country, the capital society As long as you have money, what can't you buy?

But the problem came, let me pass through without giving special abilities, even if the memory of previous lives did not let me bring it over, it is too much! "

For the past ten days, no matter what Song Ya tried, his memory of the last life was always a mess. Except for the rapid progress in mathematics, it is impossible to remember what happened in history or the games played in the books I have seen in my last life. And that math score doesn't explain anything. The South City of Chicago is mostly a slum area where black people gather. The quality of teaching in community middle schools is very poor. The difficulty of the examination papers is already low. The ethnic Chinese of this ethnicity will not be able to play without bringing in Song Ya. .

"And a slacker? Get out and have breakfast!"

There are many children and insufficient energy to treat them differently. Aunt Su Qian treats them equally and never gives Song Ya any abuse or preferential treatment, of course, the same is true in words.

"coming!"

Tong Songya quickly packed up and walked downstairs.

The creak from the staircase indicates that this house has been for some years. This is a standard small slum HOUSE. It is a single detached house with a small distance from the left and right houses, basically all wooden. A bathroom, the large bedroom was divided into two, Song Ya and cousin Tony lived in one, Connie and ten-year-old sister Emily lived in one, and Aunt Susie and younger brother Fern Reddy lives in the small bedroom he originally was.

The first floor is an all-access structure for the living room, kitchen, and dining room. There is only a small toilet without shower below the stairs on the first and second floors.

The mouth was so noisy, what should we do? Aunt Su Qian took the spatula in her hand and looked at the golden scrambled eggs in the pot, and in one hand she held the little Freddy with big blue eyes watching the person Coax. Aunt Susie's latest boyfriend is white, so Freddy is mulatto.

Connie and Emily at the dinner table are taking turns to sell their milk and oatmeal into their bowls.

And Tony leaned up his neck, roughly spreading the spray can cream into his mouth.

"Open your mouth."

He swallowed the full cream and turned the mouth of the jar to Song Ya.

"No."

Wu Songya shook her head and refused. The soul in this body had been replaced. The bucket figures of Aunt Susie and Tony and Connie's naked lateral trend were used as a lesson. Obesity is definitely an enemy he must always be vigilant in this life.

"You have changed a lot recently, Alex." Tony said.

"Really?" Song Ya said tightly, "Which way?"

"Ok¡­¡­"

Tony began to wipe out the milk and oatmeal, "It's ... it's a feeling ... you know."

"How easy it is! For women!"

Connie smiled at Song Ya Tiao and said, "Who did you get in with?" Again successfully diverted the topic.

"I¡­¡­"

Song Ya hasn't kept up with her thoughts yet. Aunt Su Qian evenly distributed the soft western-style scrambled eggs on the plate in front of the four siblings. "Closure your X mouth, finish it quickly, don't miss the school bus!" Don't wait to see Connie.

"Wait for me to change my clothes! Immediately!" Connie hurried upstairs without a word this time.

The girls in Tong Miguo usually wore yesterday's clothes because they didn't go home overnight, so Connie's main purpose of going home in the morning was to change clothes.

"Who brought her back in the morning?" Aunt Su Qian whispered at this opportunity, and it turned out that she hadn't forgotten the stubble.

"I don't know, I can only hear the sound of the engine." Tony replied and stomped Song Ya's foot again.

Song Songya shook her head. He didn't know it, and Emily shook her head.

Aunt Su Qian did not delve any further, and went back to cleaning the kitchenware, "Hey! Black woman ..." she whispered.

Milk, oatmeal, and scrambled eggs, it took Song Ya only three minutes to get them all down. Now it is 1990. The welfare system in the country should not be as good as it was in the past, but for five children For single-parent families, meeting the most basic needs of food, clothing, housing, and education seems to be no problem. There is even excess calories in food.

After waiting for Connie to change her clothes, the four siblings said goodbye to Aunt Su Qian and went out together.

Unlike the previous Song Ya ¡¯s impression of the rice country, there is no lush lawn behind the front house of the community here. There are only bleached weeds and cluttered debris, disrepaired wooden fences, and various types of worn-out cars . Including Auntie Su Qian, there are several families around the house with a small Cameroonian flag at the door, which shows that they still remember the roots of the African continent.
"It's cold!"

Not only was the temperature in Chicago low in February, but the wind was still strong. Emily shivered and quickly hid her body behind Tony.

Tony turned around and held Emily in her arms, and then helped her to cover her face. Everyone narrowed their necks and hurriedly walked to the school platform a few hundred meters away.

